With validation implemented, let's make sure that if we do submit a valid form so if we click the submit button,
we actually can do something with it.
So back in auth.js, we got our submit button and when we click it, you might remember that we call
the login handler,
right now we only start main tabs because there's not much else to do right now,
in theory however, I want to submit this to some server and store it there.
Now to set this up already, I'll go to my store and add an appropriate action, here we got add place
and delete place, I'll add a new const here which I'll name try auth, try auth because we don't know yet
if we will be successful
but this is what I want to fire whenever we click the login button and no matter if we're in login or
sign up mode.
So with that I will also add a new file in my actions folder, auth.js here, I will import the action
type from my action types file,
the one I just created, so try auth and I'll add an action creator, so I'll export a const, try auth where
I expect to get auth data,
the content of that can vary depending on whether we're logging in or signing up
and then here, I'll return a javascript object where I will set the type to try auth and pass on the auth
data. And I won't do anything with that yet,
we will add this in the authentication module, we might also change it a little bit there
but I want to dispatch this action when we click login handler.
Now for this to happen, we need to have this connected to redux, the auth screen and it isn't yet.
Now let's first of all have a look at app.js where we register all our screens,
you see that for auth screen, we do provide the store
so hooking it up to redux is as easy as using the connect middleware now.
So I'll import connect, not middleware, the connect function here from react redux. Let's import that
and I want to be able to dispatch an action, so at the very bottom right before exporting, I'll add const
map dispatch to props, we'll get the dispatch function here
and there, simply return my mapping object where I will have an on login method where I expect to get my
auth data and then simply call dispatch with the action we just created in the auth.js file in the actions
folder.
So let's import that, let's import something from
and now we just go into the store folder, actions auth, excuse me, index because there I want to bundle all my exports.
So let's also add this new export,
try auth from our ./auth file,
so I'm doing this in the index.js file in the actions folder.
And with that export added here, in the auth.js file we can import it from there, so we can import try auth
from the index file
and we can then go to the bottom and dispatch this action, so we call try auth here which is an action creator,
execute it and pass on the auth data.
Now we can use on login in our login handler here, I can call this props on login and we need to
pass the auth data here.
So I'm going to construct that here, auth data will be a javascript object
and here I will store my e-mail,
this is this state controls e-mail value,
that's the good thing about two-way binding, we can get all that value right from our state, password
is this state controls password value
and I don't need the confirm password here,
this was just there for us to check it on the frontend,
we don't we need to pass this to our server,
not necessarily at least. Now we're dispatching this
and right now this won't do much,
it will go into the void
but it's good that we already have this set up.
Let's try it and let's thereafter make sure that we can also switch from login to sign up
and the other way around.
So let me quickly just try the button, on login is not a function,
yeah that's a classic mistake, of course at the bottom of the auth screen, I need to execute connect, pass null
for map states to props and then pass the map dispatch to props constant and then wrap our auth screen
with the result of that function call.
So with that, let's fix that
and now if we try this, it works.
So next step, let's make sure that switch to login does something.